README.md, before:

[![Build Status](http://jenkins.sonata-nfv.eu/buildStatus/icon?job=tng-vnv-executor/master)](https://jenkins.sonata-nfv.eu/job/tng-vnv-executor)


# Executor for 5GTANGO Verification and Validation
This is a [5GTANGO](http://www.5gtango.eu) component to execute the Verification and Validation Tests

## What it is

The Executor module is responsible for executing the Verification and Validation tests requested by the [Curator](https://github.com/sonata-nfv/tng-vnv-curator) component.

It receives a test request with the associated descriptor file (Test Descriptor), a file that contains the test configurations, dependencies, validation and verification conditions, etc. With this information, Executor generates a docker-compose.yaml file and executes the tests sequence with docker-compose tool.

Once tests are finished, Executor check validation and verification conditions, stores the results y the V&V repository and generates a "Completion Test Response" to Curator component.

## Build from source code

This will generate a docker image with the latest version of the code. Before building, a test suite is executed.

```bash
./gradlew clean test build docker
```

## Run the docker image

### Health checking

### Swagger UI

## Dependencies

## Contributing
Contributing to the V&V Executor is really easy. You must:

1. Clone [this repository](http://github.com/sonata-nfv/tng-vnv-executor);
1. Work on your proposed changes, preferably through submiting [issues](https://github.com/sonata-nfv/tng-vnv-executor/issues);
1. Submit a Pull Request;
1. Follow/answer related [issues](https://github.com/sonata-nfv/tng-vnv-executor/issues) (see Feedback, below).

## License
This 5GTANGO component is published under Apache 2.0 license. Please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

## Lead Developers

The following lead developers are responsible for this repository and have admin rights. They can, for example, merge pull requests.

* Laura Álvarez ([LauraAnt](https://github.com/LauraAnt))
* Santiago Rodríguez ([srodriguezOPT](https://github.com/srodriguezOPT))
* Felipe Vicens ([felipevicens](https://github.com/felipevicens))
* José Bonnet ([jbonnet](https://github.com/jbonnet))

## Feedback
Please use the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/sonata-nfv/tng-vnv-executor/issues) and the 5GTANGO Verification and Validation group mailing list `5gtango-dev@list.atosresearch.eu` for feedback.

Commit message:

Updating README.md and including health actuator

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](http://jenkins.sonata-nfv.eu/buildStatus/icon?job=tng-vnv-executor/master)](https://jenkins.sonata-nfv.eu/job/tng-vnv-executor)


# Executor for 5GTANGO Verification and Validation
This is a [5GTANGO](http://www.5gtango.eu) component to execute the Verification and Validation Tests

## What it is

The Executor module is responsible for executing the Verification and Validation tests requested by the [Curator](https://github.com/sonata-nfv/tng-vnv-curator) component.

It receives a test request with the associated descriptor file (Test Descriptor), a file that contains the test configurations, dependencies, validation and verification conditions, etc. With this information, Executor generates a docker-compose.yaml file and executes the tests sequence with docker-compose tool.

Once tests are finished, Executor check validation and verification conditions, stores the results y the V&V repository and generates a "Completion Test Response" to Curator component.

## Build from source code

This will generate a docker image with the latest version of the code. Before building, a test suite is executed.

```bash
./gradlew clean test build docker
```

## Run the docker image

### Health checking

Once started, you can check the health endpoint at

http://server:port/actuator/health

### Swagger UI

Swagger UI can be accessed at

http://server:port/swagger-ui.html

## Dependencies

- `Java JDK (10+)`
- `gradle`
- `docker`
- `Spring Boot (2.1.3)`
- `Groovy (2.5.6)`
- `Swagger (2.9.2)`

## Contributing
Contributing to the V&V Executor is really easy. You must:

1. Clone [this repository](http://github.com/sonata-nfv/tng-vnv-executor);
1. Work on your proposed changes, preferably through submiting [issues](https://github.com/sonata-nfv/tng-vnv-executor/issues);
1. Submit a Pull Request;
1. Follow/answer related [issues](https://github.com/sonata-nfv/tng-vnv-executor/issues) (see Feedback, below).

## License
This 5GTANGO component is published under Apache 2.0 license. Please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

## Lead Developers

The following lead developers are responsible for this repository and have admin rights. They can, for example, merge pull requests.

* Laura Álvarez ([LauraAnt](https://github.com/LauraAnt))
* Santiago Rodríguez ([srodriguezOPT](https://github.com/srodriguezOPT))
* Felipe Vicens ([felipevicens](https://github.com/felipevicens))
* José Bonnet ([jbonnet](https://github.com/jbonnet))

## Feedback
Please use the [GitHub issues](https://github.com/sonata-nfv/tng-vnv-executor/issues) and the 5GTANGO Verification and Validation group mailing list `5gtango-dev@list.atosresearch.eu` for feedback.
